# Pololu Tic USB Stepper Controller settings file.
# https://www.pololu.com/docs/0J71
product: T825
control_mode: serial
never_sleep: false
disable_safe_start: false
ignore_err_line_high: false
auto_clear_driver_error: true
soft_error_response: decel_to_hold
soft_error_position: 0
serial_baud_rate: 9600
serial_device_number: 14
command_timeout: 1000
serial_crc_enabled: false
serial_response_delay: 0
vin_calibration: 0
input_averaging_enabled: true
input_hysteresis: 0
input_scaling_degree: linear
input_invert: false
input_min: 0
input_neutral_min: 2015
input_neutral_max: 2080
input_max: 4095
output_min: -200
output_max: 200
encoder_prescaler: 1
encoder_postscaler: 1
encoder_unlimited: false
scl_config: default
sda_config: default
tx_config: default
rx_config: default
rc_config: default
current_limit: 992
current_limit_during_error: -1
step_mode: 32
decay_mode: fast
max_speed: 400000
starting_speed: 0
max_accel: 1200
max_decel: 0
invert_motor_direction: false
